# Reflection Blog

Over the course of this semester, the meaning of **“digital humanities”** has become crystal clear to me. I have a far better understanding of the field, which I now know is vastly diverse. At the beginning of the semester, I was apprehensive about writing a grant for a humanities project; I presumed I would have little interest in it, and that I would have to pick a “scholarly” topic that I genuinely do not care for. However, as the semester progressed, I realized that a lot of my interests do fit into this mold–by merging humanitarian topics of any sort with a digital aspect, you get a digital humanities project. 

The “readings” I enjoyed the most were typically not traditionally formatted readings. They were often projects that we read and interacted with to learn more about humanities or about how to write more concisely. I especially enjoyed using the [Hemingway App](https://hemingwayapp.com/) and reading the project [“What Makes Writing More Readable.”](https://pudding.cool/2022/02/plain/) They kept my attention and the interactivity helped me realize that *that* is what makes a digital humanities project so interesting. If I am being completely honest, most of the other traditional readings I generally skimmed for a few important bits of information. 

I surprisingly enjoyed the project reviews most. Not only did I think that using GitHub and HTML was a fun new way to write a critical analysis, but I also enjoyed interacting with humanities projects I would have never found on my own. Although it is slightly strange, I enjoyed the aspect of the project review assignments where we were meant to “test” the blogs and essentially find the mistakes. It felt like a scavenger hunt… It was also helpful to see that even digital humanists make mistakes in their works, but they can still be highly useful. 

I especially enjoyed doing the second project review, which was on a project relevant to my topic that I got to choose myself. I was really happy that I was able to do my grant on something that I enjoyed so much and invest a lot of time in; I did not think that I could do something with video games or (in the case of my project) ESports, but I was surprised when I found other [humanities projects](https://joeyilluzzi.github.io/) that dealt with the same topic. I think these assignments were helpful in meeting halfway and realizing that one's personal interests can be a part of this course. I also think these assignments help build analytical skills, coding skills, and writing skills all at the same time. 
